dev advocate job post (#245)
windmilleng/tilt.build: src/advocate.md

### About Us

This is a big mission, and we're a small team (6 people, based in NYC's Union Square).

We're software engineers and toolsmiths. We've built developer tools and consumer products. Nick and Dan (founders) met working at Google on projects like Google Sheets, Google Code, and others. We think cloud-native products like GitHub and Google Sheets are great because of the new workflows they enable. We're excited to be working towards it.

We want to be a better company in an industry that's been neither diverse nor inclusive. Each month, we give $100/employee to an org that's making tech less toxic. We recognize "meritocracy" and "work hard, play hard" as culture smells.

### Our First Product

Tilt relieves the pains of local Kubernetes microservice development. It already automates and optimizes container image builds, and has a Heads-Up Display UI that saves you from having to play 20 questions with kubectl. If you use Kubernetes for production, you need Tilt for development.

> We need a Developer Advocate who can help us build a community of Tilt users. We know this can go by many names (DevRel, Dev Evangelism, etc.), but we know we aren't great at it. We love Ashley McNamara's [post describing the role](https://medium.com/@ashleymcnamara/what-is-developer-advocacy-3a92442b627c): "the real goal of a Developer Advocate is to become the voice of the user. We gather feedback in a way developers can’t (since they know the codebase too well), then use that feedback to shape the product to become what it needs to be."

Reviewer: i hadn't read the ashley mcnamara post!

> ### What You'll Do

Reviewer: i might also add something about how Tilt is an early product. What dev communities are we missing out on because of our own biases & blind-spots, but would benefit from a cloud-native dev enviornment?

> - Organize the Tilt community. Maybe that's in the Slack channel, or meetups, or Twitter.

Reviewer 2: This might be a nit: but it certainly is the slack channel and Twitter, there are already communities there.

> - Learn from our community. What's hurting them that brings them to Tilt? What's still hurting after they pickup Tilt?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn from our community. What's hurting them that brings them to Tilt? What's still hurting after they pick up Tilt?
```

- Fight for the user. Bring what you've learned to help us improve the product, by advocating within our company. What bugs are we dropping on the floor?

> - Tell Tilt's story. Blogs, conferences, documentation, workshops, sample apps.

Reviewer: It might be worth communicating that we don't expect this person to be doing all the docs + blogs themselves, but are systematizing them and collaborating with the team

- Help us reach more users to become the ubiquitous tool for microservice dev.
- Stay informed of what's happening in tech. What's the latest Kubernetes distribution? How is Go's module system going to impact container builds?

### Our Ideal Candidate

> - Active in the Kubernetes community. (Or a related developer community)

Reviewer: I might add something like:

```
- Has been a developer advocate at a small or mid-sized company. Because we're small, we think you'll need prior on-the-ground experience to succeed in this role.
